Add docs on Working Groups to the napari.org docs (#3558)
Napari/napari: docs/community/working_groups.md

# Working groups 

Working groups are subteams of the napari community formed by members interested in diving deep on a particular topic (ex:‘Bundled Application’, ‘Documentation’) that meet on a semi-regular cadence to discuss, implement, and track ideas over time. 

## Working group guidelines

We believe working groups are helpful ways of moving forward work on particular topics, and the following guidelines serve to help team members form and/or maintain healthy working groups. Working groups should:

> - Identify at least one “lead”, responsible for the creation and continuation of the group, and one [core developer](https://napari.org/community/team.html#current-core-developers) “sponsor” who is kept aware of work and can help shepherd through PRs as needed. All other membership is opt-in.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is text taken from another project's working group documentation, or if things have just changed & evolved here over time. 

When we set up the docs working group, @sofroniewn said: "So far for each working group we've tried to have two co-leads that convene the working group meetings and oversee the general progress of the work." Maybe he can weigh in here if there are distinctions about who is supposed to be responsible for what. There might also be a difference between what we wanted for the first few working groups, and what the rules are in general for new groups going forwards (maybe things can be relaxed, once it's been shown to work well).

Reviewer 2: i believe the "at least one lead" and core sponsor was recommendation from @jni, but i think 2 is a nice balance for responsibility.

Author: I updated this to refer to co-leads and made the point about a `core developer "sponsor"` a suggestion in the `Working groups guidelines` section. Is this more what you were thinking?

> - Create a “charter” that describes working group’s core focus and goals, holds meeting minutes, lists membership/zulip channel/meeting schedule. 

Reviewer: A charter sounds very formal, and I don't really know what you mean by that.
I think the minimum needed is:
- a few sentences summary of what the core focus & goals are
- information about how to get in touch or join the group
- captured in the meeting minutes, more detailed notes about what the highest priorities and goals for the group are (the docs group did this in the first one or two meetings)

Reviewer 2: yep, and i'd recommend this be a template so it's expected upon creation of a group and pretty uniform. Charter does sound formal...how about "one pager"?
- "info on how to join/get in touch" should also be uniform (contact lead and/or attend meeting as noted on calendar)

Reviewer 3: do we have any examples of this yet? if so maybe we can add a link, if not we might want to wait until we've got example to suggest it, but I like the idea. It also doesn't specify - should this be accessible from on the main napari website, maybe even the bottom of this page?

- Identify achievable goals and deliverables that map thoughtfully to napari’s larger strategies and [roadmap](https://napari.org/roadmaps/index.html).
- Hold regular public meetings that are listed on the [napari community calendar](https://napari.org/community/team.html#meeting-schedule). Cadence is up to the team, but monthly minimum is recommended.

> - Maintain and publicly store the working group’s meeting minutes.

Author: ```suggestion
- Maintain and publicly store the working group’s meeting minutes in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).
```

Reviewer: Yes, under each year there is a sub-folder for working groups. You can see here that all the working groups (architecture, bundle, documentation, & plugin) use the meeting notes repository: https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/tree/main/2021/working-groups

> - Present updates at least one of the napari community meeting per month (done by at least one working group member).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Present updates at least once per month at a napari community meeting (done by at least one working group member).
```

- Have members actively working towards goals set forth in the charter.
- Reach out to and collaborate with other open source communities to bring new expertise to the project (when relevant).

## Existing working groups

_Click on a group to view members, minutes, etc._

> Bundled Application (Lead: ____)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Bundled Application (Co-Leads: [Gonzalo Peña-Castellanos](https://github.com/goanpeca) and [Ziyang Liu](https://github.com/potating-potato))
```

> Plugins (Lead: ____)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Plugins (Co-Leads: [Talley Lambert](https://github.com/tlambert03) and [Nathan Clack](https://github.com/nclack))
```

> Architecture (Lead: ____)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Architecture (Co-Leads: [Juan Nunez-Iglesias](https://github.com/jni) and [Andy Sweet](https://github.com/andy-sweet))
```

> Documentation (Lead: Justin Kiggins)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Documentation (Co-Leads: [Genevieve Buckley](https://github.com/GenevieveBuckley) and [Justin Kiggins](https://github.com/neuromusic))
```

## How to join an existing working group

Membership is optional and opt-in, and you can join by attending group meetings (which can be found on the [napari community calendar](https://napari.org/community/team.html#meeting-schedule)) and/or reaching out to the working group lead.

## How to start a new working group

> 

Reviewer: You might like to note that working groups can be either short term for a specific goal, or longer term.

Author: I added this as a note in the third point under `Working group guidelines.`

1. Check the existing working groups list (above) to make sure the problem space is unique.

> 2. Propose working group on napari’s main zulip and schedule meeting to begin charter creation (live or asynchronously).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
2. Propose working group on [napari’s main zulip](https://napari.zulipchat.com) and schedule meeting to begin charter creation (live or asynchronously).
```

3. Complete charter with associated items (lead identification, summary focus, meeting time, etc) and share with group.

> 4. Set up zulip channel, add group and associated items to this site, and add meeting to napari community calendar. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. Set up zulip stream named working-group-[name], add group and associated items to this site, and add meeting to napari community calendar. 
```

> 5. Get working and share out at your first community meeting. Boom, you’ve done it!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
5. Collaborate with others and get working. After each meeting, store the working group’s meeting minutes in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).
6. Share out at the next community meeting. Boom, you’ve done it!
```

- Create a “charter” that describes working group’s core focus and goals, holds meeting minutes, lists membership/zulip channel/meeting schedule. 
- Identify achievable goals and deliverables that map thoughtfully to napari’s larger strategies and [roadmap](https://napari.org/roadmaps/index.html). These goals may focus on specific short-term goals or longer term efforts that still require exploration. 
- Hold regular public meetings that are listed on the [napari community calendar](https://napari.org/community/team.html#meeting-schedule). Cadence is up to the team, but monthly minimum is recommended.
- Maintain and publicly store the working group’s meeting minutes in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).
- Present updates at least once per month at a napari community meeting (done by at least one working group member).
- Have members actively working towards goals set forth in the charter.
- Reach out to and collaborate with other open source communities to bring new expertise to the project (when relevant).

## Existing working groups

> _Click on a group to view members, minutes, etc._

Reviewer 3: Do these pages exist yet? If not we might want to wait before saying this. Right now I think we can just click on the co-leads and get to their personal githubs, which is different. I do like the idea though!!

Reviewer: Yeah, and even if we make github teams, I'm pretty sure no-one can see them unless they're already a member of the napari github organisation - so it's pretty pointless. We've had the same conversation about the docs link to the core maintainers list: no-one can see that unless they are already a member of the napari github org so it isn't very useful.

Reviewer 6: I would remove this line if we don't have the links yet. They can wait for a future PR but having the line here is confusing.

> Bundled Application (Co-Leads: [Gonzalo Peña-Castellanos](https://github.com/goanpeca) and [Ziyang Liu](https://github.com/potating-potato))
> Plugins (Co-Leads: [Talley Lambert](https://github.com/tlambert03) and [Nathan Clack](https://github.com/nclack))
> Architecture (Co-Leads: [Juan Nunez-Iglesias](https://github.com/jni) and [Andy Sweet](https://github.com/andy-sweet))
> Documentation (Co-Leads: [Genevieve Buckley](https://github.com/GenevieveBuckley) and [Justin Kiggins](https://github.com/neuromusic))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Bundled Application (Co-Leads: [Gonzalo Peña-Castellanos](https://github.com/goanpeca) and [Ziyang Liu](https://github.com/potating-potato))
- Plugins (Co-Leads: [Talley Lambert](https://github.com/tlambert03) and [Nathan Clack](https://github.com/nclack))
- Architecture (Co-Leads: [Juan Nunez-Iglesias](https://github.com/jni) and [Andy Sweet](https://github.com/andy-sweet))
- Documentation (Co-Leads: [Genevieve Buckley](https://github.com/GenevieveBuckley) and [Justin Kiggins](https://github.com/neuromusic))
```

I think this is more readable as a bulleted list

# Working groups 

Working groups are subteams of the napari community formed by members interested in diving deep on a particular topic (ex:‘Bundled Application’, ‘Documentation’) that meet on a semi-regular cadence to discuss, implement, and track ideas over time. 

## Working group guidelines

> We believe working groups are helpful ways of moving forward work on particular topics, and the following guidelines serve to help team members form and/or maintain healthy working groups. Working groups should:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
We believe working groups are a helpful way to move forward work on particular topics. The following guidelines serve to help community members form and/or maintain healthy working groups. Working groups should:
```

> - Identify at least two co-leads responsible for the creation and continuation of the group. It may be helpful to have one [core developer](https://napari.org/community/team.html#current-core-developers) “sponsor” who is kept aware of work and can help shepherd through PRs as needed. All other membership is opt-in.

Reviewer 6: Personally I would change "It may be helpful" to its own item. ie

> Working groups should:
> - identify at least two co-leads [...].
> - have a core developer "sponsor" who is kept aware of work and can help shepherd through pull requests (PRs) as needed. They can also perform admin tasks like adding channels on Zulip, merging meeting notes, etc. If one of the co-leads is a core developer, they can act as the sponsor.

I don't think we should have sponsor-less working groups. Even though it's an extra step, we can help, "if you don't have a sponsor in mind directly for your proposed working group, please post on the #general channel on zulip and ask whether any core members would like to serve as sponsor your group.

- Create a readme for your [working groups folder](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/tree/main/2021/working-groups) that names leads/sponsor, describes working group’s core goals/priorities, lists zulip channel, and links to meeting schedule (see template below). 
- Identify achievable goals and deliverables that map thoughtfully to napari’s larger strategies and [roadmap](https://napari.org/roadmaps/index.html). These goals may focus on specific short-term goals or longer term efforts that still require exploration. 
- Hold regular public meetings that are listed on the [napari community calendar](https://napari.org/community/team.html#meeting-schedule). Cadence is up to the team, but monthly minimum is recommended.
- Maintain and publicly store the working group’s meeting minutes in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).
- Present updates at least once per month at a napari community meeting (done by at least one working group member).

> - Have members actively working towards goals set forth in the charter.

Reviewer 6: Didn't the discussion result in renaming "charter" to "guidelines"? Though I don't like that word either. I agree with @sofroniewn that this "charter" idea comes out of nowhere. I think a good replacement for "charter" here is "group's readme", or "goals section in the group's readme", which is mentioned a few points above.

Reviewer 3: yeah should be "read me" here

- Reach out to and collaborate with other open source communities to bring new expertise to the project (when relevant).

## Existing working groups

_Click on a group to view members, minutes, etc._

- Bundled Application (Co-Leads: [Gonzalo Peña-Castellanos](https://github.com/goanpeca) and [Ziyang Liu](https://github.com/potating-potato))
- Plugins (Co-Leads: [Talley Lambert](https://github.com/tlambert03) and [Nathan Clack](https://github.com/nclack))
- Architecture (Co-Leads: [Juan Nunez-Iglesias](https://github.com/jni) and [Andy Sweet](https://github.com/andy-sweet))
- Documentation (Co-Leads: [Genevieve Buckley](https://github.com/GenevieveBuckley) and [Justin Kiggins](https://github.com/neuromusic))

## How to join an existing working group

> Membership is optional and opt-in, and you can join by attending group meetings (which can be found on the [napari community calendar](https://napari.org/community/team.html#meeting-schedule)) and/or reaching out to the working group lead.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Membership is optional and opt-in, and you can join by attending group meetings (which can be found on the [napari community calendar](https://napari.org/community/team.html#meeting-schedule)) and/or reaching out to the working group leads.
```

3. Start a working groups folder in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes) and complete readme with associated items (see below) and share with group.
4. Set up zulip stream named working-group-[name], add group and associated items to this site, and add meeting to napari community calendar. 
5. Collaborate with others and get working. After each meeting, store the working group’s meeting minutes in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).
6. Share out at the next community meeting. Boom, you’ve done it!

## Template for working group readme

This folder contains meeting notes for the **working group name**

**(co)leads:**

**core dev sponsor:**

**link to zulip channel**

**meeting schedule and zoom link**

**Working group goals:** _(example: ensure that all napari users have a place to easily find the information necessary to meet their goals with napari. We want to ensure that the napari community has the infrastructure needed to contribute reproducible documentation.)_

**Team priorities:**
_example_

> - Content & organisation or napari.org

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- Content & organisation of napari.org
```

## How to start a new working group

1. Check the existing working groups list (above) to make sure the problem space is unique.
2. Propose working group on [napari’s main zulip](https://napari.zulipchat.com) and schedule meeting to begin readme creation (live or asynchronously).
3. Start a working groups folder in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes) and complete readme with associated items (see below) and share with group.
4. Set up zulip stream named working-group-[name], add group and associated items to this site, and add meeting to napari community calendar. 
5. Collaborate with others and get working. After each meeting, store the working group’s meeting minutes in [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).
6. Share out at the next community meeting. Boom, you’ve done it!

> ## Template for working group one pager readme

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Template for working group readme
```
I like just calling it a readme
